what's going on guys sure you hear
Shaolin productions won us a gaming all
that fun stuff that I do with JC cool on
and today we actually have a lot of
openings to do our openings consists of
our sneak peeks me and JC both got one
of each I got the Nova grapplers that's
what they called n he got the Valkyries
which are the or cooling tanks then
these are for surprise cards here and
two of them are obviously the 22 of them
are obviously the promos but also we got
JC's winnings from locals he went 3 and
0 I think right no yeah close enough
yeah and i went to 11 because i finally
had like an epic battle and i lost by
not having five more k shield but that's
ok because i had a lot of fun doing it
and in a case also we have our weekly
opening of awakening of twin blades so
let's start off first with the regular
openings and we'll save these for later
so JC start with your prizes no problem
let's see let's see you got check out
that next video for the sneak peeks
y'all Paul Bennett it cuz I need one
better got one from not yet he stopped
thinking he offered it to you up he did
earth gunner he looks cool thing he
looks not like DBZ he does look like the
UK so I'll get yo super siren oh there
we go well there we go Benedict the
Benedict he needed that so no get that
probed Roger you know I want that um
holy in tonight oh yeah maybe I should I
guess this time it is well Oh Genie sold
at from kharghar oh I don't know who he
does I don't even know what it does and
I have like three of them because people
kept throwing your way so I just kept
taking them and my promos were the
following ah still shit cell fiend gosh
you get to the blah blah for more kumho
and the draw trigger can fire dragon
slide jing yeah that one kilo yeah that
thing so those were
promos pretty cool pretty cool and now
let me get started on those six packs
hells yeah okay let's do it so you is P
is P that's the SP okay and I start with
this one first time we're actually gonna
open this one knows nicely okay now as
you guys noticed there is no why
Schwartz shit in the background which
I'm actually pretty happy for so right
here we got a colossal wing some more we
have another neo nectar Lily night of
the valley we also have died lady you
know I need sky-high Walker and who
night a friendship okay look at that
double oh nice alright that's one going
keep going I got this ugali all right
forgot this next back okay apparently
he's got this so alright so next we have
a night of ultra Jean we got madden had
marionette madcap marionette we also
have yuki he may heal trigger for more
kumho we also have stealth feast moon
edge and we also have a rare capsule
throw should know duty ok over there no
I'm difficulties ok I guess I'm going on
to the third one without JC um so yeah
guys make sure you drop like you like
our content and please subscribe you
want to see more awesome videos in the
future his white hair vunnava you also
have doom rare Griffin we also have self
piece of white mane we also have sound
stage sharing an MMO was our rare I got
it I got it ok finally he's got it no
let's take a look what's inside right
yes is he SP okay I better be a nice p
you got the AK for Murr kumho it's good
good always need a case then we got
nightmare panther it's pretty good
pretty good then we got chestnut boat
we've got Stan charter former kubo it's
a stealth team dark spider and we got
speeds dragon yeah glass beads yeah kayo
don't know yeah yeah I got the next
three yo do I got this series at least
at least we didn't get all red like our
other yeah we got some doubles we got a
spiritual tree sage not gonna read that
top gun looks cool jock yawn oh we got
the cute Stan trigger for you not clear
we got the stand trigger for Roy a
paladin silence a chair and whoa say it
gigantic over though the end or triple
reto yo but still yo we got it dude
y'all it's epic what are you doing wait
what in them I'm putting them in the way
were things that we got them in so that
way yeah well doing confused yeah so
guess what you gotta trade big Chris
that one I thought you were keeping well
for your fourth well I have a Ford you
have your key but with a thousand Li at
some point I mean it then we have
android we got corolla dragon we got the
draw trigger stuffed beast cat road and
we got the gong to go and whoa what's
this stealth dragon bold avoid Galaga
would go good good job good job it's
just something like that ok not bad guys
yeah dude doubles which are glass beads
dragon knight of friendship k and
gigantic overlord ii and oh pretty good
pretty good pulse not bad oh and by the
way guys i actually got something else
to that might be a little surprise to
all of you this is yugioh judgment of
the light gun i had to get one pack just
because oh wait listen I had to just one
just water just to see what was in here
once you get the public judge room haha
so fucking hilarious mecha phantom beast
hello whatever madolche shit chico lots
chick a lot so i'm gonna keep this one
okay we got one either don't fuck you
you got jungle girl I need the star
Seraph sage and we got DS DS you're not
moving that's blazey w what the stars
that weapon what the fuck are used ok
whatever it's within you welcome Eric
lad and yes fish board Archer intercept
yo its recepti mate oh look at this shit
no I'm keeping that one too and exceeds
reversal and oh yes schwartz schwoz sure
sure sure damn shorts child limit dragon
there we go alright well that's are you
game pack surprise of the day with an
apparently a broken dark sale weapon if
that was dang good you know he got hope
to like 50 million attack geez oh wait
is that where it was like a ridiculous
attack boost episode yeah that went on
for like 20 minutes oh that's pretty
cool but guys look forward to our sneak
peaks which we got an even better
surprise coming up in there so check it
out